doc: Minor addition to Network Policy Generation doc (#5553)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/con-securing-kafka-authentication.adoc

[id='assembly-kafka-broker-listener-network-policies-{context}']
== Network policies

> By default, Strimzi automatically creates a `NetworkPolicy` resource for every listener that is enabled on a Kafka broker.

Reviewer: The _by default_ sounds good when I read just the first sentence. But when I try to read the whole paragraph, it sounds a bit weird with the two _by defaults_ in the first two sentences. I'm fine if you wanna keep it ... just sharing my impression of it.

Author: You're right. This is why I should read the module in full after making the updates!

Removed the second "by default". Also, moved the second sentence into a separate paragraph about networkPolicyPeers.

> By default, a `NetworkPolicy` grants a listener access to all applications and namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a `NetworkPolicy` grants a listener access to applications in all namespaces.
```

Author: Applied the change manually.

> A `NetworkPolicy` grants a listener access to applications in all namespaces.

Reviewer: Maybe one more comment to this ... Do you think that it will be clear that it is the applications which can connect to the listener and not the other way around? I think if you know what listener is the direction should be clear. But I'm not sure how many readers will get that on the first look.

Author: I've tried rephrasing as follows:

> By default, Strimzi automatically creates a `NetworkPolicy` resource for every listener that is enabled on a Kafka broker.
> This `NetworkPolicy` allows applications to connect to listeners in all namespaces. 

Does that make sense?

Reviewer: That sounds great, thanks.

If you want to restrict access to a listener at the network level to only selected applications or namespaces, 
use the `networkPolicyPeers` property.

Use network policies as part of the listener authentication configuration.

> Each listener can have a different `networkPolicyPeers` configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each listener can have a different xref:configuration-listener-network-policy-reference[`networkPolicyPeers`] configuration.
```

> For more information, refer to the xref:configuration-listener-network-policy-reference[`networkPolicyPeers`] section and the {K8sNetworkPolicyPeerAPI}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on network policy peers, refer to the {K8sNetworkPolicyPeerAPI}.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe this should be .Additional resources as we're linking externally?

> If you want to use custom network policies, you can set the `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` environment variable to `false`, in the Cluster Operator configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use custom network policies, you can set the `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` environment variable to `false` in the Cluster Operator configuration.
```
